Update docs to clarify cross-type moves (#34950)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/modules/develop/refactoring.mdx

to identify each one separately.

> Each resource type has a separate schema and so objects of different types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each resource type has a separate schema so objects of different types
```

> are not typically compatible. However, some providers support changing the
> resource type of an object in a way that is compatible with the `moved` block.
> Therefore, you can always use the `moved` block to change the name of a resource
> but only sometimes to change the resource type. The documentation of each
> provider will detail which resources support across-type moves, if any. You
> _cannot_ use `moved` to change to a different resource type or to change a
> managed resource (a `resource` block) into a data resource (a `data` block).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not typically compatible. You can always use the `moved` block to change 
the name of a resource, but some providers also let you change an object from
one resource type to another. Refer to the provider documentation for details
on which resources can move between types. You _cannot_ use the `moved` 
block to change a managed resource (a `resource` block) into a data 
resource (a `data` block).
```
